docs(firebase-auth,apple): uninstallation warning for logged in users (#4671)
FirebaseExtended/flutterfire: docs/auth/usage.mdx

}
```

:::caution

> Note: uninstalling applications on `iOS` or macOS can still preserve your users authentication state between app re-installs as the underlying Firebase iOS SDK persists authentication to keychain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: uninstalling your application on iOS or macOS can still preserve your users authentication state between app re-installs as the underlying Firebase iOS SDK persists authentication state to keychain. See [#4661](https://github.com/FirebaseExtended/flutterfire/issues/4661) for more information.
```

}
```

:::caution

> Uninstalling Applications on `iOS` will leave Users logged into the platform.
> As the underlying Firebase iOS SDK persists authentication to the keychain, a user will remain logged in but a token will no longer be available when an app in re-installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: uninstalling applications on `iOS` or macOS can still preserve your users authentication state between app re-installs as the underlying Firebase iOS SDK persists authentication to keychain.
```
